Strong.
Low.
It's still so heavy
It's just a pity that Tang Thieu doesn't practice.
If not, the poor will definitely give up this position of Master to him.
I'm a noble man.
This is the high man.
It's natural.
All of the city has a young house that can be compared to our young family.
How can you?
Shut up, Mr. Wang, you don t have to be taken away by my dog.
Shut up.
I'm tired of fighting or not?
Let him go.
Don't tell me to bully you.
I'll give you three punches.
Every time I frown, you count.
You hit me first.
Afraid of getting my hands dirty.
The fanatic
Half the drama is not equal.
Dare as a Tiger
Oh, what a man.
Power cannot be conquered.
I am a role model.
Die.